Auth: add Dex example to generic OAuth2 documentation (#84744)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/generic-oauth/index.md

   team_ids =
   allowed_organizations =
   ```

### Set up OAuth2 with Dex

To set up generic OAuth2 authentication with [Dex IdP](https://dexidp.io/), follow these
steps:

1. Add Grafana as a client in the Dex config YAML file:

   ```yaml
   staticClients:
     - id: <client id>
       name: Grafana
       secret: <client secret>
       redirectURIs:
         - 'https://<grafana domain>/login/generic_oauth'
   ```

>    Note that, unlike many other OAuth2 providers, Dex doesn't provide `<client secret>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Unlike many other OAuth2 providers, Dex doesn't provide `<client secret>`.  Instead, the secret can be generated with `openssl rand -hex 20`.
{{< /admonition >}}
```

Author: `{{% admonition type="note" %}}` I guess?

>    Instead the secret can be generated with, for example, `openssl rand -hex 20`.

Reviewer: Delete this, it's added as part of the admonition shortcode

2. Update the `[auth.generic_oauth]` section of the Grafana configuration:

   ```bash
   [auth.generic_oauth]
   name = Dex
   enabled = true
   client_id = <client id>
   client_secret = <client secret>
   scopes = openid email profile groups offline_access
   auth_url = https://<dex base uri>/auth
   token_url = https://<dex base uri>/token
   api_url = https://<dex base uri>/userinfo
   ```

>    where `<dex base uri>` corresponds to the `issuer: ` configuration in Dex (e.g. the Dex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<dex base uri>` corresponds to the `issuer: ` configuration in Dex (e.g. the Dex
```
